[presentation]
object: to demonstrate why we need a new web presence and to demonstrate how that could work

Rylan: need for new website
Looks bad, confusing, broken up into separate sites (that are not linked)
https://sites.google.com/mail.fresnostate.edu/21ctownball
https://thetownballzone.square.site/
https://euclidselements.wixsite.com/

Current design (what we've got, what we think we can do)
Rylan: talks about domains
Rylan: talks about site map
Chuck: stats pages (+ contents)
Alex: talks about history/documentation?

Current state of project
Rylan: Townball has the 21ctownball.com domain already
Rylan: stats exist on paper
Rylan: bare bones of site code

Short term goals
Chuck: scan score sheets
Chuck: digitize as CSV files
Chuck: finish website functionality
Rylan: create website styles (extends to social media, promo material, merch, etc.)

Long term goals
Chuck: creating other "compiled" stats pages (or metadata, etc.)
Rylan: migrate CSV files to a database
Rylan: live game updates, score keeper web app, etc.
Rylan: Anything that the motherboard wants to see added/included?


pros and cons
need for website
current state of project
want to consilidate stats + history/archive
sitemap: how everything looks
domain: issues and solutions
stats: layout, details, bottom-up data compilation
    PSA we HAVE all the numbers required to do this, but we just need the go-ahead to complete the project
give examples:
    rylan: games and team
    josh: player, league, season, club
explain goals:
short-term goals:
    digitize the stats (scan AND .csv-ify)
    finish website functionality; make the update process easy
    stylizing website: update visuals+update
long-term goals:
    migrating .csv files to database
    develop new data and metadata for pages (ask the motherboard for ideas)
really long-term goals:
    app which can live-update scores and such on website

[site]
are we talking about/are we in charge of just the statistics side of the website or the whole archive site?

[content]
what do we want, and what do we need, to display on each page type?
    we should have a suggestions box open for what people want to see on the statistics side of the website.
    compare all-time and current players in league, season, and club pages?
what do we do about stats from games between an organized team and an organized team (i.e. NBQ v mutts) or exhibition games between organized teams (i.e. NBQ v CGB)?


add numerical signature (id) for each player
entire game (everything) on one .csv file
massive player "database"; has everything on it
one .csv file per game, period.
