here is a description of each and every statistic that is recorded on this site.

[batter statistics]
g   - games
        the number of games a player has played in.  the player must have batted or played in the field for this stat to count.

[batting]
pa  - (hidden stat)** plate appearances
        the number of times a player was sent up to bat.  
ab  - at-bats
        the number of times a batter completed an at-bat.  this matters because walk-off plate appearances happen quite often, and do not count to rate stats.
os  - on-stakes
        the number of times a batter reached first stake safely.  is the sum of (h), (s1), and (a1).
a1  - (hidden stat) passed ball advance
        the number of times a batter reached first safely because of defensive negligence or error.  is the sum of (os), (-s1), and (-h)
h   - hits
        the number of times a player reached first safely on his own hit.  sum of (1s), (2s), (3s), (4s), and (hr)
1s  - singles
        the number of times a player's hit resulted in a single*
2s  - doubles
        the number of times a player's hit resulted in a double*
3s  - triples
        the number of times a player's hit resulted in a triple*
4s  - quadruples
        the number of times a player's hit resulted in a quadruple*
hr  - home runs
        the number of times a player's hit resulted in a home run*
ws  - (hidden stat) weighted stakes
        the weighted number of stakes advanced result from a batter hit.  (21*(1s)/55) + (2s) + 2*(3s) + 3*(42) + 4*(5s)
bi  - runs batted in
        the number of times a runner (including the hitter) scored on the batter's hit

[running]
ss  - stolen stakes
        number of times a runner took a base that was not free, up to the discretion of the scorer.  sume of (s1), (s2), (s3), (s4), and (s5)
s1  - steals of first
        number of times a runner stole first
s2  - steals of second
        number of times a runner stole second
s3  - steals of third
        number of times a runner stole third
s4  - steals of fourth
        number of times a runner stole fourth
s5  - steals of fifth
        number of times a runner stole fifth
r   - runs
        number of times a runner scored a run
o   - outs
        number of times a batter or runner was put out.  sum of (z), (k), (f), (t), and (p)
z   - zones
        number of times a batter zoned out (including if they hit the zone with their bat)
k   - strikeouts
        number of times a batter struck out
f   - (secondary? stat)** flyouts
        number of times a batter flies out (batted ball caught on the fly)
t   - (secondary? stat)** tags
        number of times a runner is tagged out
p   - (secondary? stat)** pegs
        number of times a runner is pegged out
osp - on-stake percentage
        rate stat: (os)/(ab)
avg - batting average
        rate stat: (h)/(at)
slg - slugging percentage
        rate stat: (ws)/(at)

[fielding]
po  - put-outs
        number of times a fielder made an out.  sum of (fo), (po), and (to)
fo  - flyouts
        number of times a fielder caught a batted ball on the fly
po  - pegouts
        number of times a fielder made a peg out
to  - tagouts
        number of times a fielder made a tag out
pi  - pickoffs
        number of times a pitcher, catcher, or backup catcher successfully picked off a runner at a base
a   - defensive assists
        number of times a fielder fielded a ball which led to an out.  baseball counts any time a fielder touches the ball in an out play,
        but I haven't been able to do that.  maybe in the future.

* the size of the hit is determined by the scorer.  the size of the hit is not determined by where the batter ended up at the conclusion of the play,
  but rather where they were or which stake they were heading towards when the defense brought the ball back into the infield.
** I'm not sure what to do with these stats, but they don't feel important enough to put in some sort of "game summary" section, but they are not unuseful.
   I'm considering another "section" of stats, something having to do with "advanced" statistics.  yes that'd make your life harder, but I'm not sure by how much.

[pitcher stats]
G   - games pitched
        number of ganes in which a player pitched
CG  - complete games
        number of games in which a pitcher pitched the entire game
SO  - shutouts
        number of times a pitcher gave up 0 runs in a complete game
W   - wins
        number of games a pitcher wins
L   - losses
        number of games a pitcher loses
S   - saves
        number of games a pitcher saved
Z   - zones
        number of times a pitcher zones a batter
K   - strikeouts
        number of times a pitcher strikes a batter out
R   - runs
        number of runs a pitcher gives up
O   - outs
        number of times a pitcher finished an inning
PCT - win percentage
        rate stat: (W)/((W)+(L))
RPO - runs per out
        rate stat: (R)/(O)
OEF - out efficiency
        rate stat: (OS)/(O)
[vs stats]*
PA  - (hidden stat) plate appearances
AB  - at-bats
AT  - attempts
OS  - on-stake
H   - hits
WS  - (hidden stat) weighted stakes
1S  - singles
2S  - doubles
3S  - triples
4S  - quadruples
HR  - home runs
OSP - (oOSP) on-stake percentage
AVG - (oAVG) batting average
SLG - (oSLG) slugging percentage

* these stats are all identical to the same stats in the batter section, except that they are recorded per pitcher.  i.e. each pitcher has stats which tell you
  the cumulative batting average of all of the batters he's faced, only when he's faced them.
  They are not necessarily a separate section, but they do have some differences from the previous set of pitcher stats.
